APIs

Application programming interface (API) is a set of subroutine definitions, protocols, and tools for building application software

It is a set of clearly defined methods of communication between various software components

It should use web standards where they make sense
It should be friendly to the developer and be explorable via a browser address bar

Filtering,sorting,searching,limiting fields




SSL certificates create an encrypted connection and establish trust.

Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is a standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a server and a client—typically a web server (website) and a browser, or a mail server and a mail client (e.g., Outlook).


A service-oriented architecture (SOA) is a style of software design where services are provided to the other components by application components, through a communication protocol over a network. 
The basic principles of service-oriented architecture are independent of vendors, products and technologies.
A service is a discrete unit of functionality that can be accessed remotely and acted upon and updated independently, such as retrieving a credit card statement online.


 Microservices Architectural Style as a specialisation of SOA. Don't forget that one of the accepted views is that all SOA really is, is four sentences:

Boundaries are explicit
Services are autonomous
Services share schema and contract, not class
Service compatibility is based on policy

In short, the microservice architectural style is an approach to developing a single application as a suite of small services, each running in its own process and communicating with lightweight mechanisms, often an HTTP resource API. 
These services are built around business capabilities and independently deployable by fully automated deployment machinery.
There is a bare minimum of centralised management of these services, which may be written in different programming languages and use different data storage technologies.



-- Data structures

Linked List is a sequence of links which contains items. Each link contains a connection to another link.

Link − Each link of a linked list can store a data called an element.

Next − Each link of a linked list contains a link to the next link called Next.

LinkedList − A Linked List contains the connection link to the first link called First.

---
Simple Linked List − Item navigation is forward only.

Doubly Linked List − Items can be navigated forward and backward.

Circular Linked List − Last item contains link of the first element as next and the first element has a link to the last element as previous.


An interpreted language is a type of programming language for which most of its implementations execute instructions directly and freely, without previously compiling a program into machine-language instructions. The interpreter executes the program directly, translating each statement into a sequence of one or more subroutines into another language (often machine code).